JDBC can be defined as organised collections of Java classes which have different properties with the database.
The communication between Java applications and the DB is done by APIs.

Working of Java Applications:
    Java applications run on JDBC connectivity.
    There are 3 components for running this interface - frontend, backend, database.
    When a user http request will be sent to the database through APIs, then all the database will be stored in cycle of permanent memory allocation.

Structure of Java Applications:
    Frontend -- html, css, js, requests

DBMS is a sw used to create, store, manage, retrieve and manipulate data in DBs.

Simple Architecture of DBMS
                                Java App
                                    |
                                   DBMS
                                    |
                    ,---------------DB----------,
                    |                           |
                Relational                  CRUD ops ------ Retrieval output

In sql, we can create DBs, tables, retrieving data

DML Commands
1. Insert
2. Update
3. Delete
4. Select

Q. create Table Student where entities are rollno, name, coursename, marks, fees
Q. Perform all DML commands as per your own queries.
Q. Create a data Employee where employee salary, emp name, emp base location and emp variable pay. Perform all CRUD ops and clause application.

JDBC Architecture:
    JDBC Applications
        -While creating a Java application, we go as follows--create a java class and add all operations in it

    **JDBC Driver**
        -used to communicate with some particular relational database.
        -The JDBC Driver has 4 types
            1. JDBC-ODBC bridge driver
            2. Native API driver
            3. Network Protocol Driver
            4. Thin driver

    JDBC API
        -provides classes and interfaces for database operations

    DBs
        -used to store all the http requests in the form of DML, DDL commands
        -The database which is used in Java for specific functions such as
            1. result set 
            2. driver manager
            3. return statement